Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to integrate Firebase.
Okay, now where you're going to need to search for Firebase, and we're going to click on the stress
link, which says Firebase at Google.
That's com slash firebase.
Okay.
Now, if for any reason you don't have an accounts, you can easily just create one.
And then after you're going to need to click on this go to console.
Okay.
And over here, we're going to click on that project and we're going to call this project's Zoom Call
on.
I.
Okay.
Then continue.
Now make sure you disable this.
We don't really need it.
Became creates projects.
And this is going to take some time creating your projects this way.
Okay.
And professional resources and.
You just have to wait for this.
Ack ack ack ack.
Finishing up.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
And now we are good to go.
Okay, now we can click on Continue.
Okay.
Let me take for Android.
So we are going to need to click on this and read.
Okay.
I can see the first field is asking for is the under it package name and that's it.
Get this package name.
What you can easily just do is over in this and you can see your package name is generally the application
ID in your hop level fields that great.
Okay not to get this we're going to need to go back to our code and then hundred.
Okay then happ level.
You can see why they have TiVo.
We have this view that greed.
Okay.
And over here, this is the application ID.
Now, what we can do is we can easily just copy this.
Okay.
I think it is not going to be unique since we've never mine is going to be similar to yours.
So what we can do is we can make this unique by changing this example to our name.
So this sort of example we can say my colleague in was definitely this is going to be your name.
Okay.
So now we can use culture and to save this file and we can then copy this.
I'm sure.
And see.
And you can then start over.
Okay.
Now the next field is asking for is the hap nickname, which is optional.
So you can just zoom.
Zoom have learned not to use Google sign in or for authentication.
It is required to have the as a key they note together as a key.
What we can do is override this.
And you can see.
For information on using the keys to to get the eyes off your sinuses you can and so on.
Okay.
So what we can do is provide this again.
And with that, we're going to open this in a new tab.
Okay.
Now scroll down.
You can see we have this code for Mac liners and windows.
Okay.
If you own windows, you can easily just copy this code bosses one Linus will need to copy this.
Copy this.
Contrary to see.
Then we're going to go back to Our Vinci Code and then seminary, new seminary.
And now we can paste this.
Okay.
I guess he's asking for the password to get the password.
O'REILLY You can see the Keystone utility prompts you to enter a password for the keys to write.
The default password for the debug keys to is what, hundred?
So over here, we we're going to need to see Android.
Okay, great.
Now, this is the se1 key, so we can easily just copy this.
Copy.
And.
Over here.
We need to paste.
Okay.
Now, if you have an error, it might be you have some space.
So they just get rid of that space and click on register half.
Okay.
Now, the first step to do now is to download this.
Okay, click on this is this and you can see it wants us to have the adults in the what's under it have
mother roots directory.
Okay.
So to do this, we are going to need to go to our files and downloads.
And then we can call this we don't really need it anymore since it's just going to be specified to that
project.
Okay.
Xoom, Hap and Android.
Then hop there over the piers is over within 2 hours and that's great.
Okay.
And now we can click and nest.
You can just get rid of this.
Okay.
Now there you can see it wants us to heart this line.
Right.
And it was the saddest line in the project level, viewed that credo.
Okay.
So this we can just close this.
So this is the top level, the Twitter, right?
And this is the project that will be the creator.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can copy this.
And.
Is this okay?
Okay.
This country and this is safe.
Okay, great.
Now, this is all we need to co-sign in this.
Okay, so now we can screw down.
Over here, you can see it wants us to have this.
So on it, one side is in the words high level view, that's greater, right?
So we can copy this.
And this is the top level, right?
And this is a bit of guido.
So over here you can see we have this Uplay plugin.
You can basically had it in the way.
You can add it at the bottom as well.
Okay.
So it isn't too hard this.
Will they confront SC?
And over here you can see it also wants us to had this line and it was just added in where the level
creates a grid that is the same territory this imply we just added this so we can copy and.
Go down and obey the dependencies.
And I thought this began this country necessary.
Okay.
Now what we can also do.
We need to.
It's a great story.
We need to integrate, increased and many more.
Here's the question so you can get to the hero.
So to do that, I think we have that in the project level.
So this should be in the help level directory.
Okay.
This at minimum is the key, but only integrates it.
Sorry.
Not integrated.
No.
I keep you integrate.
You're going to increase its to 21 for now.
Okay.
And now we can use contra in this to see.
This is basically all we need.
Okay.
And now we can click on next.
Then go to console.
Okay.
Now you're going to be integrated in Google, right?
So all we need to do is we need to enable it.
So in a way, it's we're going to go to this authentication tab and.
Then we're going to need to click on Get Started.
And.
Okay.
You can come to the sign provider.
And then Google.
We want a little Google drive so you can click on enable.
Okay.
Now I can see is asking for the project public facing.
I cannot to see what this does.
You can this is just over in this and you can see this a bit and then presented to the user when they
are shown and the public distance of your project.
For example, this will be the name displayed on emails that your users received after creating an account
which you have.
Okay, now I think you know what this does.
So we can call this, we can just say Zoom app, okay?
And you can see project supports mail.
Just going to use the mail attached to this account.
Okay.
And now we can click on Save.
Now, lastly, in order to use in order to integrate Google, we also don't need the it's a process
we recently had the issue one boat as well we need to has a 50 states I can also add that are going
to need to go to this and projects as.
Okay.
Then over here, we're going to need to click on Add Fingerprint.
We can observe.
We can.
Yes, we copy that code.
Okay.
I'm using.
Linus is going to be in line and.
New seminar.
Paste and the password is under.
Okay.
Now we're going to copy this to a ticket to see.
Now, what you can do is you can easily have this copied somewhere.
Right.
Because any time you want to integrate Google and fortification, you basically need this to.
Okay.
So we can then his this overear.
And safe.
You can see it automatically detect it for any reason.
Have an error.
It could.
It could be because you have maybe some space over there how to beginning a case and make sure you don't
have in the space and click on Save.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically all you need in order to integrate Firebase and in order to do what it's to
get integrate Google.
So we have set up everything we need.
Okay.
So now in this picture, they're going to start integrating the Google assigning methods.
Okay, guys, see you in in this picture.